[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2017 superhero film Thor
Ragnarok so let's get started
there are many films in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe before this film if
you'd like to see their summaries check
out the spoilers and the cards above two
years after the Battle of sokovia Thor
has been unsuccessfully searching for
the Infinity stones and is now
imprisoned by the fire demon Surtur
search her reveals that Thor's father
Odin is no longer in Asgard and that it
will soon be destroyed in the
prophesized Ragnarok once Surtur unites
his crown with the eternal flame that
burns in Odin's vol Thor defeat search
her and claims his crown believing that
he has prevented Ragnarok Thor returns
to Asgard to find his brother Loki
posing as Odin Thor forces Loki to help
him find their father and with the
directions of dr. Steven strange on
earth they locate odin and norway odin
explains that he is dying and his
passing will allow his firstborn child
hella to escape from the prison that she
was sealed in long ago hella had been
the leader of Asgard's army and
conquered the nine realms with odin but
odin imprisoned her fearing that she had
become too powerful Odin dies and hella
is released she destroys Thor's hammer
and when Loki and Thor attempt to flee
through the Bifrost bridge she pursues
them and forces them out into space
hello arise in Asgard destroying its
army and killing its warrior three she
resurrects the ancient dead who once
fought with her including her giant wolf
Fenris and appoints the Asgardian
scourge as her executioner she plans to
use the Bifrost to expand as bird's
empire but Heimdall steals the sword
that controls the bridge and hides it
away with the rest of the citizens Thor
crash-lands on Sekar a garbage planet
surrounded by wormholes a slave-trader
scrapper 142 subdues him and sells him
as a gladiator scars ruler the Grand
Master with whom Loki has already come
to know Thor recognizes one-four-two as
one of the Valkyrie are a legendary
force of female warriors who were killed
defending Asgard from hella a long time
ago Thor is forced to compete in the
Grand Master's contest of Champions
facing an enraged Hulk
Thor gets the upper hand on Hulk but the
Grandmaster sabotages the fight to
ensure Hulk's victory still enslaved
Thor tries to convince Hulk and 142 to
help him save Asgard but neither are
willing he manages to escape and finds
the jet that brought the Hulk to Sekar
Hulk follows Thor to the jet where a
recording of natasha romanoff makes him
transform into Bruce Banner for the
first time since sokovia the Grandmaster
orders 142 and Loki to find Thor and
Hulk but Loki forces her to relive the
deaths of her fellow Valkyrie at the
hands of Helena deciding to help Thor
she takes Loki captive unwilling to be
left behind
Loki provides the group with the means
to steal one of the Grandmaster ships
they then also liberate the other
gladiators who start a revolution
Loki attempts to betray his brother
again but Thor anticipates it and leaves
him behind Thor
banner and 142 escape through the
wormhole to Asgard where hellas forces
are attacking the citizens for the sword
that controls the Bifrost banner becomes
the Hulk again fighting Fenris while
Thor and 142 battle scourge and the
resurrected warriors Loki and the Siq
are gladiators arrived to help and the
Guardian citizens board their ship
feeling regretful scourge sacrifices
himself to allow their escape Thor
facing hella loses his right eye and
then has a vision of Odin that helps him
realize that only Ragnarok can stop her
while hella is distracted Loki locates
satyrs crown and places it into the
eternal flame Searchers were born and
destroys Asgard seemingly killing hella
as the film concludes Thor the crowned
king decides to take the rusty Asgardian
citizens to Earth in a mid-credits scene
we see that they are intercepted by a
large spacecraft presumably owned by
Thanos in a post-credits scene
the Grandmaster encounters a group of
former subjects who are still rebelling
so that was the spoilers for Thor
Ragnarok if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below check out movie
spoiler alerts on our various forms of
social media and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]